Vlobzakov compare engine version (#14)
vlobzakov/docs: docs/creating-manifest/placeholders.md

- `${fn.md5([fn.random])}` - *md5* encoding random password   
- `${fn.base64([user.email])}` - *base64* encoding user email address  

> - `${fn.compareEngine(version)}` - compares, supported by the hoster platform, CS engine version with the given *version*.  	Returns result:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `${fn.compareEngine(version)}` - compares the latest supported by the current platform CS engine version with the given *version*.  Returns result:  
```

The results on the screen below:
![comparison](/img/comparison.png)

## Engine Placeholder

> The *${engine}* placeholder returns a Cloud Scripting engine version that is supported by the platform the manifest is executed on.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *${engine}* placeholder returns the latest Cloud Scripting engine version that is supported by the platform the manifest is executed on.  
```

`${engine}` - CS engine version  

> It is can be complemented with function placeholders *[${fn.compareEngine(version)}](https://docs.cloudscripting.com/creating-manifest/placeholders/#function-placeholders)* and *[${fn.compare(version1, version2)}](https://docs.cloudscripting.com/creating-manifest/placeholders/#function-placeholders)* that can be used to determine whether JPS manifest is supported by the platform’s engine version or not.  

Reviewer: rephrase. Hard to read.

Author: done

@@@
```yaml
type: install
name: Ability co compare CS engine versions

onInstall:
- assert:
  - "'${engine}'.split('.').length > 0"
  - "'${fn.compare}' == 0"
  - "'${fn.compare(5.4.1, 5.4.2)}' == -1"
  - "'${fn.compare(5.5, 5.4.2)}' == 1"
  - "'${fn.compare(5.4.0, 5.4.0.0)}' == 0"
  - "'${fn.compareEngine}' == 0"
  - "'${fn.compareEngine(1.5.1)}' == 1"
  - "'${fn.compareEngine(1000000)}' == -1"
```
```json
{
  "type": "install",
  "name": "Ability co compare CS engine versions",
  "onInstall": [
    {
      "assert": [
        "'${engine}'.split('.').length > 0",
        "'${fn.compare}' == 0",
        "'${fn.compare(5.4.1, 5.4.2)}' == -1",
        "'${fn.compare(5.5, 5.4.2)}' == 1",
        "'${fn.compare(5.4.0, 5.4.0.0)}' == 0",
        "'${fn.compareEngine}' == 0",
        "'${fn.compareEngine(1.5.1)}' == 1",
        "'${fn.compareEngine(1000000)}' == -1"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
@@!

> 

Reviewer: describe also the following example: https://jelastic.team/browse/JE-43816?focusedCommentId=229848&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-229848

Author: done
